What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	1. To intitialize / start a new repository ...

		a. go to the directory where the file is located (cd to location on command line)
		b. use touch [file name( if file has two seperate words surround file name with qoutes)]
		c. once new file is created use git init
		d. check git status

	2. You need it to start a version control on a new file.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	1. The staging area allows more flexibility by letting the user make the standard "one logical change per commit" rather than going straight from the working directory, which is merely found on the hard drive.

	2. At this point one can remove a file from the staging area by using "git rm".

	3. The staging area has the most recent changes before the commit.

	4. "git diff" with no arguments compares the working directory to the staging area.

	5. To compare the staging area to the the most recent commit in the repository, use "git diff --staged"

	6. "git reset --hard" removes changes made made in the working directory and the staging area, be careful

To make changes to user id and email follow this:

		[master (root-commit) 3fd43ff] Add lessons 1 and 2 reflections
	 	Committer: Kevin Turney <kevinturney@Kevins-MacBook-Pro.local>
		Your name and email address were configured automatically based
		on your username and hostname. Please check that they are accurate.
		You can suppress this message by setting them explicitly:

	    git config --global user.name "Your Name"
	    git config --global user.email you@example.com

		After doing this, you may fix the identity used for this commit with:

	    git commit --amend --reset-author	


To make a commit

	a. check "git status" to see the staging area (is anything in there?)
	b. "git add" + file name
	c. "git status" to see (in green font) what is about to be added
	c. enter "git commit", this opens editor to add commit message
	c. quit the editior
	d. "git log", to see the commit was added
	e. "git status" 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	1. By using git diff --staged, to compare the most recent commit to whats in the staging area.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	1. Branches give you flexibility to experiment with bold and new changes without disrupting the original path.